\input texinfo
@settitle Condor 0.1

@copying
This manual is for Condor (0.1, 2024), a C library implementing the Randomized
Condorcet Voting System.

Copyright @copyright{} 2024 Pierre Colin.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the
terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version
published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no
Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included
in the section entitled @ref{Documentation License,,GNU Free Documentation
License}.
@end copying

@documentlanguage en
@dircategory Software libraries

@titlepage
@title Condor 0.1
@subtitle A C implementation of the Randomized Condorcet Voting System
@author Pierre Colin
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@node Top
@top Condor 0.1

Condor is a C library implementing the Randomized Condorcet Voting System.

This manual is a work in progress.  It only contains the bare minimum to build
and use Condor.  In future versions, we plan to add a chapter laying out the
underlying theory.

@menu
* Installation::           How to install Condor from the source code.
* Reference::              Detailed description of the library functions.
* Documentation License::  The license of this document.
@end menu

@node Installation
@chapter Installing Condor

This chapter documents how to build and install Condor from the source code.

@menu
* Simple Build::  Create a build of Condor as fast as possible.
* Custom Build::  Create an optimized or customized build of Condor.
@end menu

@node Simple Build
@section Building Condor as Simply as Possible
@include simple-build.texi

@node Custom Build
@section Customizing Condor Builds
@include custom-build.texi

@node Reference
@chapter Reference

This chapter documents the C functions and data types that make up Condor.

Throughout this chapter, @var{i} and @var{j} refer to integers between 0
inclusive and the number of alternatives exclusive.

@menu
* Types::             Description of the data types that Condor defines.
* Cast Ballot::       Description of the @code{cdor_cast_ballot} function.
* Make Duel Graph::   Description of the @code{cdor_make_duel_graph} function.
* Optimal Strategy::  Description of the @code{cdor_optimal_strategy} function.
@end menu

@node Types
@section Defined Types
@include types.texi

@node Cast Ballot
@section Casting Ballots
@include cast_ballot.texi

@node Make Duel Graph
@section Making the Duel Graph from the Advantage Graph
@include make_duel_graph.texi

@node Optimal Strategy
@section Computing the Optimal Strategy
@include optimal_strategy.texi

@node Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@cindex FDL, GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@printindex cp
@bye
